---
layout: post
title: "Korea Trip"
date: 2020-01-01 20:00:00 -0400
published: false
---

I've been going to Korea every year for a few years now. My grandparents, uncles, and cousins all live there, so my mom and I visit them in the Winter. Usually, Korea is a great way for me to relax after a stressful semester. I go and eat **great** food and don't have any obligations. I've started to realize that their is a fine line between having no responsibility and being bored. The issue is doing anything in Korea is just much more of a hassle. Even just getting around is significantly harder. At home, I can drive, take the metro, or Uber/Lyft almost anywhere, but in Korea I can't drive, Lyft and Uber are banned, and the subway is a glorified maze in a foreign language. The biggest issue though is that I don't know anyone my age here. 

This year that was suppose to change as I made a friend in college that was now serving his mandatory military service in Korea. He told me that he would likely be able to get a vacation and hang out with me. Leading up to the trip I was imagining going out, eating good food and him showing me around. Unfortunately, bad news struck about a week before I arrived. My friend let me know that because of the holiday season his vacation was delayed until after I would be long gone from Korea.

I got to Korea and things went pretty much as expected, I absolutely feasted for three meals a day on great Korean dishes like bulgogi, galbi-tang, and jjiang-myun. Everyday, I went to the driving range with my grandpa and then enjoyed a great lunch that were well-known in the area. Once, I got accustomed to the time difference though I quickly turned into a Youtube zombie, passing the time glued to my phone, defeated that I couldn't see my friend and experience the more young and hip part of the country. I spent about a week like this just eating, golfing, lifting, and occasionally seeing some family which usually meant more eating. This might not sound terrible and it obviously wasn't, I enjoyed being able to be lazy, but I was craving for that adventure I had been imagining having.

Naturally, I started by googling "How to make friends in Korea". This was hilariously helpful, as I found a blog post that talked about language exchange groups and parties. For those who don't know, these are gatherings of anyone who wants to learn another language, obviously in Seoul the two most common languages are Korean and English so these gatherings are full of natives who want to learn English and Foreigners looking to learn Korean. Most importantly though, this was a great way for me to meet people who I could speak English with and also Koreans who I could communicate with. I poured over the options, there were groups on Facebok, meetup.com, friendsinkorea.com, and many more. I weighed the options, researching each group and trying to get an idea of what their events were like. How many people went? What type of people went? Driven by the fear of going to one of the events and it being awkward or no one being their, I dug deeper. Eventually, I settled on a Friday event in Gangnam since I could get their in about 30 min on the subway which was significantly better than the other events which would take over an hour by subway.

Leading up to that Friday, I was a seesaw of emotions...*was there even an event on Friday? Maybe I just shouldn't go.* Then an hour later after some more searching...*Actually it looks like a lot of people show up to some events.* I'll go! Then backwards again...*Are they even open? maybe I should just go to a different even later or just go out next year when I have friends here.* This continued up until I was literally outside staring up at the bar. 

When I got in, I was greet by two bouncers I nervously pulled out my id and paid cover, as I scanned the bar. The bar was in the center of the room, and tables and chairs filled the rest of the area. Almost every table was full of people, in what appeared to be a great mix of foreigners and Koreans. It was one of those moments where everyone seemed to have a place except me. Not really knowing what to do next, I stalled and got a beer at the bar. Turning back, I scanned the room once again desperately hoping to somehow magically be part of one the table's conversations. 

Instead of trying to squeeze into an already full table I plopped down at a somewhat empty one. There is only one other person at the table and I do what anyone my generation does in an awkward situation and pull out my phone. After a few awkward glances at each other, I brace myself and ask "Do you live here in Seoul?" in Korean to the woman sitting a sort of awkward distance away and my question is swept away by the noise around us. She is the only person sitting near me though so I ignore how agonizing this feels and ask again. Soon, we are having a full conversation in English (which she was trying to learn and was very good at) about how she is trying to be a nurse in America. Then, two new people sit down at our table and before long my table is just another one of those tables I saw when I walked in, laughing and having a great time. 

Eventually, I move tables, more people join and join until and when I look at the time it's midnight, meaning I missed the last train back home (oops). I sort of panic and ask how my new friends are getting home. I'm shocked to hear that many of them are waiting until the morning for the first subway train at 5:30 AM. I learned this trip that Koreans don't sleep. The rest of the night was a blur. We went out to another bar where we stayed until 5 AM, dancing, talking and of course drinking. Then, we ended the night off with some great Korean food.

I get home, my grandparents are already awake and I eat breakfast, then go to the driving range with my Grandpa to cap off one of the most memorable 24 hours of my entire life. This experience was the first time I had done anything even remotely this adventurous. It was better than my wildest imagination and all it took was making that first leap of faith. I use to have to make that jump everytime I moved schools and made new friends, but as I've gotten older my environment became stable and comfortable. It was exhilarating to pop that bubble and break outside of my comfort zone once again, a reminder that sometimes all it takes is overcoming that awkwardness. An important lesson especially as I get older and have more ability to avoid new and uncomfortable situations.